## Evaluate Ready-to-Use Lesson Week 3
#### Theological Soundness:
#### Age Appropriateness:
* This is to me a lesson that could be taught to high school age and above. The way Moore words things in the body of the lesson does seem like he is trying to speak to teenagers rather then adults or younger children. For example when he writes , "If she thinks this is strange, she ain't seen nothing!" This type of language is usually something you hear when listening to teenagers speaking to each other rather then mature adult conversations. 
#### Flexibility:
* As far as being adaptable to different groups or situations after reading through this I don't think, unless the language used and the activities/questions asked are changed, it could really be used in any other setting then a high school/college age small group. 
#### Implementation:
* This lesson in my opinion is not one that can just be picked up and taught. First thing is how short of a study it is. Most Bible studies that I have been apart of usually last for atleast 1 hour and a half. This as is would maybe take 15 minutes at most. Also there is really a drastic lack of group/individual interaction from this text. I like the ponderable questions at the end of it, but feel there could and should be a lot more of a group interaction built into this as well. You could have the students break down into pairs and discuss topics like, "How does this resurrection compare to the resurrection of Lazarus or the many other examples?" Have cultural context details built into the lesson to give the students more of an ability to visualize and better understand the funeral customs of the time. Why it was so devastating for the mother to now be without the father and her only son. While I feel this is a great starting point I definitely think it could have more "meat on the bone". 